Let's generate some libs.
So nx g lib, and we're gonna do core-data,
and I'm gonna do this first one by hand,
and we're gonna set the parent-module.
And so this is gonna be this big,
long dashboard/src/app, Module.ts.
We really don't need routing,
but whatever.
All right, and so
we're gonna generate this first one.
But what we can do is when
you're generating it,
you can use the -d for dry run.
And this is super handy because now,
you can say, c,
like this worked, this did not work,
I didn't name this code right.
Or more importantly, this did not
go where I thought it was gonna go.
So we'll take this off and
we will run this.
All right, now,
if we go back into our code,
you'll notice now that in our libs,
I have a new core-data.
So core-data, historically, this is what
I used to communicate with a server.
So this is why a lot of times,
we'll define certain data models and
I use core-data for server communication.
Now, what I'll do here is
just to streamline this and
I recommend that everybody do this.
I would say, do this by hand one time and
realize how much you hate it.
And from there, you stop doing it by hand.
And so what I'll do is once I know,
like okay, I need to generate everything,
is I'll just generate or
just create my entire command set at once.
And so what it will actually look like,
and I'll just show you the wizard behind
the curtain,
is that it ends up looking like this.
And so I will actually stack all my
commands up right from the beginning and
generate everything all at once.
So I'm creating two more modules,
core-state, and material.
We'll let those run.
There we go, and let's generate a service.
And I feel like this is gonna
get kind of boring in a second.
So now, I'm generating a widget service.
And what I'm doing is I'm
putting this in core-data and
all it's done is generated a service and
the spec for it.
Then what I'll do,
we're just gonna go through it and
I will post all of this into
the repo as the notes, but
we're gonna generate
a routing module in our app.
And now, for the super, super fun part,
I am going to generate my components.
And so we'll go widgets, And
we're gonna put this in our app module.ts,
we're gonna go style, and
I'm gonna generate a list in a detail.
So I could just do this one by one, but
I feel like everybody's
tracking what I'm doing.
I'm basically using the COI
to generate a lot of code.
There we go, all right.
So now, let me just do one more and
then we will
see what wonders we have wrought
upon this earth, all right?
So if we go into our Visual Studio Code,
now what you'll see is we have material,
core-state,
core-data, and
we still have our API interfaces.
And in our app,
we have our home component.
And we have not only
our widgets component,
which is going to be
the container component, but
it also has my list component and
my details component.
Now, these don't do anything just yet.
But in a matter of minutes,
even with me talking,
I've managed to essentially generate
a line share of my application.